Change Cell Customization demo description (#1783)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/PDFCellCustomization/description.md

Use the [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell) function to customize DataGrid cell apperance in a PDF document. For example, you can change the text alignment and the background color of the cell. Use the following function parameters:

- gridCell     
Contains information about the DataGrid cell.
- pdfCell     
Specifies DataGrid cell appearance after export.

> In this demo, the **customizeCell** function changes the following elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo, the **customizeCell** function changes style settings of the following elements:
```

> You can use the [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell) and [customDrawCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportDataGridProps/#customDrawCell) function to customize the exported DataGrid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell) and [customDrawCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExportDataGridProps/#customDrawCell) functions to customize the exported DataGrid.
```

Use the **customizeCell** function to adjust DataGrid cell apperance in a PDF document. For example, you can change the text color and alignment; font size, weight, style; background color of the cell; color and width of the cell border. You can manage the following attributes:

- gridCell     
Contains information about the DataGrid cell.
- pdfCell     
Specifies DataGrid cell appearance after export.

> The code of this demo uses the **customizeCell** function to change the background color and font weight of cells with the "group" [rowType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType) and the font style of cells with "totalFooter" **rowType**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo, the **customizeCell** function changes the background color and font weight of cells with the "group" [rowType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType) and the font style of cells with "totalFooter" **rowType**.
```
